Improve the Bisecting regressions page (#6378)
godotengine/godot-docs: community/contributing/bisecting_regressions.rst

You can find binaries of official releases, as well as alphas, betas,
and release candidates `here <https://downloads.tuxfamily.org/godotengine/>`__.

> If you can reproduce an issue on Godot 4.0, we recommend trying to reproduce the
> issue in the latest Godot 3.x version (if the feature exhibiting the bug is
> present in 3.x). This can be used to check whether the issue is a regression in
> 4.0 or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can reproduce an issue with Godot 4.0, we recommend trying to reproduce the
issue in the latest Godot 3.x version (if the feature exhibiting the bug is
present in 3.x). This can be used to check whether the issue is a regression in
4.0 or not.
```

I'm also wondering if this is going to remain a good instruction once we release 4.0. It doesn't really cover 4.x releases, and it shouldn't be required, nor recommended IMO, to try 3.x to see if it's a regression. We'll have a lot of new users, hopefully, and making them downgrade just to check doesn't sound reasonable.

Author: Maybe we can reword it like this?

```
If you have experience with Godot 3.x and can reproduce an issue with Godot 4.0, we recommend trying to reproduce the issue in the latest Godot 3.x version (if the feature exhibiting the bug is present in 3.x). This can be used to check whether the issue is a regression in
4.0 or not.
```

We can remove this paragraph once 4.1 is released.

Reviewer: Sure, that would be an improvement. I guess we can reintroduce a version of what this paragraph used to be when we have at least the 4.1 release, so we can refer to it in the example.

If the issue **is present** in 3.x, then you'll need to check whether the issue
occurs in older 3.x versions as well.

If the issue is **not present** in 3.x, then you can try older 4.0 alphas and

> betas to determine when the regression started.

Reviewer: Maybe this should be a list? It's a bit awkward looking as individual paragraphs made out of single sentences.

For comparison:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11782833/209449379-316ea9a4-d040-4ce6-bfbe-5a5acb97e1e3.png)

.. warning::

    Project files may be incompatible between Godot versions.
    **Make a backup of your project** before starting the bisection process.

>     Going from the oldest to the newest build generally reduces the risk of the
>     project not being able to successfully open in the editor in subsequent runs
>     with different engine versions. Also, the more minimal the project, the more
>     likely it'll be able to open without compatibility issues in newer engine
>     versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Going from the oldest to the newest build generally reduces the risk of the
    project not being able to successfully open in the editor, thanks to backwards
    compatibility. Try to reduce your project to the smallest repeatable example too.
    The more minimal the project is, the more likely you'll be able to open it without
    compatibility issues in newer engine versions.
```

I think the first line is a bit wordy and rich with technical jargon. Also tried to make the transition to the second half smoother.

.. code-block:: none

    3.5.1-stable
    3.5-stable
    3.4.5-stable
    3.4.4-stable
    3.4.3-stable
    3.4.2-stable
    3.4.1-stable
    3.4-stable
    3.3.4-stable
    3.3.3-stable
    3.3.2-stable
    3.3.1-stable
    3.3-stable
    3.2-stable
    3.1-stable
    3.0-stable

You can also use this Bash function to retrieve the Git commit hash of a
pre-release build (add it to your ``$HOME/.bashrc`` or similar):

::

    gd_snapshot_commit() {
        curl -s https://downloads.tuxfamily.org/godotengine/$1/$2/README.txt | grep 'from commit' | sed 's/^Built from commit \(.*\)\.$/\1/'

>     }

Reviewer: Can this be split into multiple lines for readability?

.. code-block:: shell

    $ scons

Run the engine
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Run the binary located in the ``bin/`` folder and try to reproduce the bug.

.. note::

    Double-check the output file name in ``bin/`` to make sure you're actually
    running the binary you've just compiled. Different Godot versions will

>     output binaries with different names.

Reviewer: Can also link to `/development/compiling/introduction_to_the_buildsystem.html#resulting-binary`. It currently doesn't have a reference tag, so that needs to be added as well.

.. code-block:: shell

    $ scons

Since building Godot takes a while, you want to dedicate as many CPU threads as
possible to the task. This is what the ``-j`` parameter does. Here, the command

> assigns 4 CPU threads to compiling Godot.

Reviewer 2: Removing the `-j4` parameter in the code block, makes this describing text inconsistent, which refers to the `-j` parameter.

Author: Fixed. Godot's SCons setup now detects how many CPU threads should be used depending on the system, but it intentionally leaves 1 thread available on systems with at least 4 threads to make multitasking smoother. There's a fair chance people will be doing something else while waiting for Godot to compile (speaking from experience), so I think this is a good default for bisecting regressions.
